Main loop
  
  check if player has seen the room
    print room
  
  check available player options
    look (always) 
    inv (always) 
    get <item> - check if room has any items available
    open <door> - check if room has any doors available
  
  print the list
  parse player response
    check if first word is in player options
      if not repeat options

    if first word == look
      location changed
      skip out of look

    if first word == get
      check item in room == True
        add to pockets
        print item description
        item in room is false
      if false say "i can't see one of those"
    
    if first word == use
    use item function
      check item is in list of game items
      check given item is in pockets
        if true
      check item is in pockets == True
        print item use description (you light the match)
        run use match function (light source on, )



Choose your own adventure game loosely based on the trapdoor
could be come like a dark room!

DONE
Part 1 
turn a python file into an executable
Figure out how to access dictionary in dictionary
Clean up how actions are configures

TODO
SIMPIFY - don't need key to unlock door or anything
locations should have events - truth tables?
remember to code in ten minute bites!

use sleep to build suspense
truth tables!
Part 2...
  key to open another door, human skull in there, table with blood on it and a large spider scuttling around, get spider, get skull, get knife, can't do anything further
  check trapdoor every loop
  if open count to five. If shut, reset the count
  trapdoor function runs each loop, player msg depending on the count
  if monster comes out you get eaten
  if you close the trapdoor on count of five you hit the monster on the head and win
  winning message. You closed the door just in time just a huge slimy creature was coming up through the door. The weight of the door must have crushed the monsters head,
  you hear a loud thud a few seconds later as the beast hit the floor some way below. 
  You've won the game, but always remember - stay away from that trapdoor... cuz there's something down there
  Easter egg... what's your name - if answer = Burk print end_screen.